docs/user-guide/quick-start.md, before:

# Quick Start

An accelerated guide to quickly understand, download, install, use, and apply RAPID to a sample use case.

## Quick Install

Get RAPID running in 3 simple steps.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/c-h-david/rapid2
cd rapid2/
pip3 install .
```

## Quick Use Case

Download the sandbox for RAPID.

```bash
cd tst/
./tst_dwnl_Sandbox.sh
cd ..
```

> Or get it manually at
>
> [![10.5281/zenodo.17298742](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.17298742.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17298742)


## Quick Run

Run RAPID.

```bash
rapid2 -nl input/Sandbox/namelist_Sandbox.yml
```

That's it!

## Need More?

For step-by-step setup details, see the [User Guide](getting-started/installation.md).

You can also find additional information and join the conversation in our [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/c-h-david/rapid2/discussions).
We warmly welcome new users and greatly value your feedback!

For short-term exchanges (messages deleted after 6 months), you can connect through the unofficial user community Slack channel.

Commit message:

docs: add output file location information to Quick Start and Running pages
Added "Viewing Results" section to Quick Start page and "Finding Your Results"
subsection to Running page to explicitly show users where to find their output
files after running RAPID. Addresses issue #19.

docs/user-guide/quick-start.md, after:

# Quick Start

An accelerated guide to quickly understand, download, install, use, and apply RAPID to a sample use case.

## Quick Install

Get RAPID running in 3 simple steps.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/c-h-david/rapid2
cd rapid2/
pip3 install .
```

## Quick Use Case

Download the sandbox for RAPID.

```bash
cd tst/
./tst_dwnl_Sandbox.sh
cd ..
```

> Or get it manually at
>
> [![10.5281/zenodo.17298742](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.17298742.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17298742)


## Quick Run

Run RAPID.

```bash
rapid2 -nl input/Sandbox/namelist_Sandbox.yml
```

That's it!

## Viewing Results

After a successful run, your output files will be written to the paths specified in the namelist configuration. For the Sandbox example, check:

- `./output/Sandbox/Qout_Sandbox_19700101_19700110.nc4` - discharge time series
- `./output/Sandbox/Qfinal_Sandbox_19700101_19700110.nc4` - final state for model restart

## Need More?

For step-by-step setup details, see the [User Guide](getting-started/installation.md).

You can also find additional information and join the conversation in our [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/c-h-david/rapid2/discussions).
We warmly welcome new users and greatly value your feedback!

For short-term exchanges (messages deleted after 6 months), you can connect through the unofficial user community Slack channel.
